 I'm back. All right. Good evening. I guess a couple things before I get started. One thing is I have a tendency to run through things pretty quick. So feel free to slow me down. Ask questions as you have them. Otherwise, once I get done going through my little rant here, you can ask questions at that point time. You don't think of them tonight. I'm happy to come back to another meeting. So just let me know.  Outside the audit report, you know, we didn't have any difficulties performing the audit, no disagreements with management. We certainly appreciate all the help that we get and timely responses. It makes our job a lot easier. So appreciate that.  One word of warning. We've had a few oddities now fall victim to some phishing scams via email. So just be careful.  Had a few instances where somebody that is getting paid electronically. So maybe a contractor or a credit card company, even direct deposit for your staff members had a couple instances where.  A form has come in basically saying, hey, I like to change my routing number, my account number that has been not legitimate. So I guess my word of warning is probably just to make sure you follow that up with a phone call.  That'll work for now. But it, I think we've had 3, 3 or 4 oddities now that have lost money doing that and you never get it back. So or not all of it. So just kind of a word of warning if that happens.  And it's just, it seems easy enough, but the form is being stolen and the emails look legit. So it's, it's just scary. So into the audit report then and I we're going to have it up on the screen.  I did throw some books out there too. So if you want to follow along or if you've got, you know, on your computers as well, I'm going to start on page 2, which I believe page 2 would be like PDF, maybe page 5. Does that sound right?  So I'm about 3 pages off in the actual report versus the online report.  We've issued an unmodified opinion on the financial statements, which is considered a good or a clean opinion that they're fairly stated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  It is management's responsibility for the numbers, the footnotes within the financial statements and then our responsibility as auditors to come through and ensure that that is reasonably stated.  And that's what our opinion is stating is that we believe that they are.  The next section of the audit report is pages 6 through 12. And this is known as management's discussion and analysis.  This is designed basically to just give you a snapshot of what happened during the year. It's it's kind of high level, but it does provide some comparative information.  So the rest of the audit report you'll see is basically one year financial statement. But if you're looking for kind of what happened, these would be the pages to look at.  If you want to turn to page 11 as an example, page 11 shows like your general fund revenues this year compared to last year as well as your expenses.  So if nothing else, it might generate a question as to, you know, why did something go up or down?  It's kind of broken down a little bit differently than you're going to see the rest of the financial statements.  So just kind of like I said, an idea and it's probably the easiest read the rest of it gets kind of complicated.  So pages 13 and 14. I'm not going to go into much detail on this just because I think it's extremely complicated.  This is the statement of net position, which is basically your what we call a full or cruel balance sheet, so to speak.  So the bottom number on page 14 is your what we call your net position, which would be retained earnings equity within the school district.  A little bit over $19 million. This includes like your fixed assets and depreciation.  Net pension liability. I'm not sure if you've went through that in the past, but it's just a lot of extra exercises to get to this number versus the balance sheet.  And by for the general fund, et cetera, where you would budget off of so we'll get there in a second.  I also should note you might see some references to a gas be 101 throughout that's a new standard that had to be adopted and Carla had some great times with that.  In the past we've set up basically if somebody is going to get terminated or leave employment and they get sick leave paid out or vacation leave paid out, we've set that up as a liability because that's the cost of the district.  The new standard required us to look and say, okay, what isn't going to get paid out that still could be used.  So we went through a nice exercise with all your employees and put up additional liability on this statement only, which is really just ends up being accounting exercise, but wanted to throw that out there.  So you'll see some references to that throughout page 15 is the statement of activities, which is the difference in a full or cruel financial statements.  If you look about five lines from the bottom, you're going to see a positive change of $703,532.  Once again, this is including things like your depreciation expense changes the net pension liability.  So I don't, I don't take too much out of this statement.  So the next couple that I go through, I'll go through in a little bit more detail.  Page 16, this is your balance sheet for the governmental funds.  So what we've done here is we've got, you've got three columns and numbers, the general fund and the debt service fund are the first two columns.  Then you get to the non major funds, which is a combination of your food service, community service and building fund.  Those are all broken out in the back of the financial statements.  So if we're looking for some detail there, we'll get there in a second.  If you look at the general fund, two lines to the bottom, the overall fund balance in the general fund is $4,418,342.  The line that you see above that, that unassigned portion, $3,122,794.  Those are the dollars that are basically available for spending that are not restricted.  They're not tied into anything at this point in time.  So you have not, you remarked them for any special purpose.  Those would be the dollars that you have to spend.  One of the things that we do is we take that number divided by your general fund expenditures as a sign of fiscal health.  You're at 10.65%.  The prior year, you're at 14.64%.  We just looked at the policy before we started this and your policy says you want to be between 8 and 25% with a optimal of 15.  So our rule of thumb is probably more closer to the 10%.  Like to see districts stay above 10% for sure.  The larger the district, I think the lower that number can be just because you still have $5.9 million of investments.  So you can withstand more cost, unusual costs that come up one time.  But the idea is that you want to have enough money set aside to cover your operating expenses for a period of time.  And that's what this percentage is trying to do.  Like I said, no red flags yet.  It did go down from about 14.6% to 10.65%.  We'll see how that compared basically to your budget here to second to.  If you go to page 18, then you're going to see the change within the current year.  Three lines to the bottom.  The general fund was down $425,145.  That service fund was up $104,388.  And then the combination of your non major funds, which would be your food service, community service and building fund were up $251,740.  So overall, you're down $69,000 as a district on a on the fund levels here.  General fund, like I said, was down 425.  We'll take a look at your budget here in a second.  The next several pages pages 20 through 45.  I don't plan to go into much detail here.  Lots of activity for your significant accounting policies.  Capital asset activity.  I will have you maybe turn to page 42.  This is kind of a handy page if you're looking for like your long term debt.  And maybe your upcoming schedules and what's coming do page 42 starts that table.  And so when you flip the page to page 43, you can kind of see your geo bonds.  You do have one coming due in 2028.  So that one will be paid off and then you'll have the rest of them look like you're in the 2036 range.  But it does help for cash flow projections, et cetera, to know that those are going to get paid off over a period of time.  And these are the pages that you find those on budgetary schedules on page 46.  So the column all the way on the right that you see there is going to be the difference between the final budget and the actual.  And so starting at the top, you can see about a third of the way from the top, the revenues were about $339,000 more than budget.  Expenses about halfway down the page or about $716,000 more than budget as well.  A lot of that had to do with capital outlay type expenditures.  So if there's some project expenditures or something that maybe you didn't budget for, that's where a lot of that increased cost came into play.  The bottom number on the right that you see there, that's the difference basically from what you had anticipated on a final budget versus the actual.  So you thought you'd come in at about $348,000 down came in at 425.  So a variance of about $76,000.  And what I was going to throw, if you recall, we purchased the computers.  And not that that's the only but that is about the $75,000 difference from your budget.  Yep.  You know, and so I mean, I'm going to say hats off to Carla.  Yeah.  You know, good.  I mean, it's close from what we're budgeted for not say everything comes out exhaust.  But yeah, basically a $30 million budget.  Yeah.  $76,000.  It's pretty close.  Yep.  Going through a couple of the non major funds, so pages 52 and 53 that starts breaking out like your food service fund, community service fund and then the building fund, which basically got closed out this year.  So if you're looking for activity there, those are on those pages.  Page 54 is another page we spend quite a bit of time on during the audit to make sure.  State of Minnesota is very particular with their codes and making sure that you're putting the money in the right codes and spending the money in the right code.  So you don't lose anything going forward.  And so we go through this, the column that you see third from the right that you far as balance is what gets into the state.  And this is the balance that we're kind of focusing on.  And so just one thing that we do look at is if there's anything in deficit, just wanted to make sure that there's a plan of attack there.  So safe schools, for example, does have a deficit about $92,000.  And that's fine.  A lot of, a lot of schools will spend money, like one time money.  And then over the course of time, we're in that back LTFM is kind of like that too.  The only real concern I guess I have on this page is in your school readiness fund and the community service that there probably is going to be some kind of activity required to clean that up at some point in time.  So right now that $592,000 deficit is being covered through somewhere else because school readiness is operating at a deficit yearly and there's a big balance to begin with.  So usually the recommendation is to kind of eat away at that over course of time.  You don't have to clean it all up in one spot, but you might want to look at budgeting some general fund money to start withling away at that deficit, especially since it keeps on growing.  You know, if I might be a different story, if you started making some money there, but most school or most of these school readiness programs don't make money.  So, and unfortunately, they won't allow you to just move money from ECFE or Community Ed to cover that because they have, you know, positive money.  So just something to keep in mind that I think, you know, I want to consider doing some transfers because that number is getting pretty large.  Then the last part of the audit report here is basically just our compliance section.  Page 55 is the Minnesota legal compliance letter where we test things like pledge collateral conflicts of interest if you had any bid work.  This is a clean report so we didn't have any findings or comments during that testing.  Same goes for pages 56 and 57.  This is the government auditing standards report, which is basically a high level overview of your internal control structure at the district.  We believe you have proper separation duties.  Be able to put the financial statements together so we don't have any findings there for either.  And then lastly, pages 58 through 60 is the single audit.  So when you spend over $750,000 of federal dollars, you're required to have the special single audit or uniform guidance audit.  We tested your child nutrition cluster and we have a clean report or a clean opinion there.  So no issues when we did that testing.  Just to kind of give you an idea, page 61 breaks out the different federal dollars that you have.  And so you can see you're about $1,091,000.  The threshold is changing for this next year to $1,000,000 from $750,000.  So you're going to kind of be in that range of maybe not having this going forward.  So it saves a little bit of money on the audit to do this extra testing and then a few pages as well.  So yeah, that's about 70 pages in 10 minutes.  So feel free to throw some questions or we can circle back to anything if you wish.  Completely comprehended.  No, it's a lot.  I don't have any questions. Does the board have any questions?  I think it looks pretty good.  Okay. We appreciate that. And if there's any questions later on,  Carla knows how to get a hold of me and be happy to answer them.  I hear you're very busy. So thank you.  Two more tonight. At least I don't have to travel anyway.  Thank you for your time.  Thank you, Brian.  All right.  5.2 is enrollment update.  And again, we're, and Nancy's not here. Carl and I worked a little bit on it today.  Our number, something's pulling wrong. We're down about nine kids.  If you look at the number, it's different than that.  And we can't figure out what's going on from one month to the next rate now.  Elementary stayed pretty stable.  The middle school ends up being actually down 5.  The high school in net is down 4.  And that's where the nine comes up.  I mean, and we're going to work on, if you look from month to month,  the totals jumping over it, something's being pulled and something's not being pulled.  But, you know, we have, and I'm just picking on the high school here.  I mean, there were two that were new to went online to went to juvie.  And one completely dropped off the map that the county is working on.  And then we got three new in. So it's, I mean, we, we know where.  I mean, we don't want them to be going to other places, but so.  That's where we're at.  Like say, we'll work on why the numbers going back and forth what's pulling and what's not pulling to figure out what's going on.  Any questions on that.  5.3 is administration and department head reports.  I just have a few things that the solar for school grant is in and completed and actually that word back today within a couple of days.  We should know that everything's good to go.  Which if we have to just keep submitting stuff until it is on the 18th of December, the three parties, meaning the city.  The school and Ziggler will sit down for a round table to make sure everyone's on into the city understands what Zigglers has proposed, you know, on behalf of the school.  And should be good to go. At that point, obviously nothing, then they start the planning and actual the development of it.  And then we'll get a timeline of what it looks like next summer.  And that's part of that meeting.  Now the audit is complete. We will start working on the revised budget.  And then we'll do the, does the majority of the lift on that. So, but that'll be coming in the near future. And then obviously looking into next year.  We're right around the corner for that.  I just wanted to ask to make sure January 12 is our next meeting, which is the plan to do the reorganization first, and then regular meeting after or some districts choose to do a separate meeting that last year we didn't.  Look, I'm just asking to make sure.  I've never been a part of where they've been separate.  And then the only other thing I was going to throw out is just a couple of reminders.  There's a health and safety meeting on the 18th of December. And again, that's the one that happens at 130.  If someone can make it, if not.  The group make it we have a district leadership meeting on the 16th, a couple of days before that that's 330.  And then, I'm going to say, Lynn and Josh, because manager just said she couldn't make it on Wednesday to keep in mind where at three, but I'd like to just chat after for a couple of minutes, if we could to make sure on the right.  Other than that, I think I'm okay right now. There, oh, there was a ballot here. And again, this is just another one of the groups. Region one is where we get our tech service and that stuff through.  Again, they give you the four people running for three positions. If you're so inclined to want to vote, I will mail them back to them in their folder here. If you don't want to, you don't have to.  It's, I don't know what else to say on that.  I don't know any of the people, you know, so it's nothing, you know, it's all I have.  Right now. Okay.  We'll head on over to the principles of Sierra.  Hello. Okay, so just an update turkey bingo was a huge success. Thank you to everybody that gave hours of time set up preparing raffle baskets jody and lacy, who helped with that pre sale to prep cleanup, and everything in between we brought in actually over $8,000.  So that's super exciting for a PTO.  So huge success. We had our December spot assembly this month we focused on anxiety. We actually asked Corporal Gunderson to come in so he kind of spoke to the kids as well on how our choices at school can impact others and how that can help or hinder.  And so just making safe choices at all times and being aware of how that affects all. So it was good for him to be able to get up there for the kids to see him and in a different manner as well.  Second grade had an artist from the Campbell library that came last Friday to do an art project with the kids it was kind of part of their 25th anniversary celebration so thank you to Andrea from Campbell library and the second grade team for doing that.  And lastly shout out to five of our kids who had a Karen share Sunday school project through Holy Trinity Lutheran Church.